

Trace Example

Input Arguments: 5 (passengers) 2 (lines)

following passenger 3

we will mark lines involved with passenger 3 using  "--->".
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Queue in line 2 received passenger 2.
Queue in line 1 received passenger 1.
Queue in line 1 is sending passenger 1 to the body scanner to be scanned.
Queue in line 2 is sending passenger 2 to the body scanner to be scanned.
Queue in line 1 is sending passenger 1's bags to the bag scanner to be scanned.
Queue in line 2 is sending passenger 2's bags to the bag scanner to be scanned.
Body Scanner in line 2 received passenger 2.
Body Scanner in line 1 received passenger 1.
Body Scanner in line 2 is sending passenger 2, who passed, to security to wait for their bag.
Body Scanner in line 1 is sending passenger 1, who passed, to security to wait for their bag.
---> Queue in line 1 received passenger 3.
---> Queue in line 1 is sending passenger 3 to the body scanner to be scanned.
Bag Scanner in line 1 received passenger 1's bags.
Bag Scanner in line 1 is sending passenger 1's bags, which passed, to security to wait for their passenger.
Security Station in line 2 received passenger 2's bags which passed its scan.
Bag Scanner in line 2 received passenger 2's bags.
---> Queue in line 1 is sending passenger 3's bags to the bag scanner to be scanned.
Queue in line 1 received passenger 5.
Queue in line 1 is sending passenger 5 to the body scanner to be scanned.
Bag Scanner in line 2 is sending passenger 2's bags, which failed, to security.
---> Bag Scanner in line 1 received passenger 3's bags.
---> Bag Scanner in line 1 is sending passenger 3's bags, which failed, to security.
---> Body Scanner in line 1 received passenger 3.
Queue in line 1 is sending passenger 5's bags to the bag scanner to be scanned.
Security Station in line 1 received passenger 1's bags which passed its scan.
Bag Scanner in line 1 received passenger 5's bags.
Bag Scanner in line 1 is sending passenger 5's bags, which passed, to security to wait for their passenger.
Queue in line 2 received passenger 4.
Queue in line 2 is sending passenger 4 to the body scanner to be scanned.
Queue in line 2 is sending passenger 4's bags to the bag scanner to be scanned.
Bag Scanner in line 2 received passenger 4's bags.
Bag Scanner in line 2 is sending passenger 4's bags, which failed, to security.
---> Body Scanner in line 1 is sending passenger 3, who passed, to security to wait for their bag.
Body Scanner in line 2 received passenger 4.
Body Scanner in line 2 is sending passenger 4, who passed, to security to wait for their bag.
Body Scanner in line 1 received passenger 5.
Body Scanner in line 1 is sending passenger 5, who passed, to security to wait for their bag.
Security Station in line 1 received passenger 1's bags which passed its scan.
---> Security Station in line 1 received passenger 3's bags which failed its scan.
Security Station in line 2 received passenger 2's bags which failed its scan.
Security Station in line 2 is sending passenger 2 to jail because their bag scan failed.
---> Security Station in line 1 is sending passenger 3 to jail because their bag scan failed.
Security Station in line 1 received passenger 5's bags which passed its scan.
Security Station in line 2 received passenger 4's bags which failed its scan.
---> Security Station in line 1 received passenger 3's bags which passed its scan.
Passenger 2 is entering jail.
Security Station in line 2 is sending passenger 4 to jail because their bag scan failed.
Security Station in line 1 received passenger 5's bags which passed its scan.
Security Station in line 2 received passenger 4's bags which passed its scan.
---> Passenger 3 is entering jail.
Passenger 4 is entering jail.
Shutting down Line
Shutting down Line
Shutting down Queue
Shutting down Queue
Shutting down Body Scanner
Shutting down Baggage Scanner
Shutting down Baggage Scanner
Shutting down Body Scanner
Shutting down Security Scanner
Shutting down Security Scanner
Passenger 2 is being sent to permanent detention.
---> Passenger 3 is being sent to permanent detention.
Passenger 4 is being sent to permanent detention.
Shutting down Jail